[Read](books.md) | 
[Pray](prayers.md) | 
[Memorize](memorize.md) 

[2nd Letter of St Peter Chapter 3]()  
>This is now the second letter that I have written to you, beloved, and in both of them I have aroused your sincere mind by way of reminder; that you should remember the predictions of the holy prophets and the commandment of the Lord and Savior through your apostles. First of all you must understand this, that scoffers will come in the last days with scoffing, following their own passions and saying, “Where is the promise of his coming? For ever since the fathers fell asleep, all things have continued as they were from the beginning of creation.” They deliberately ignore this fact, that by the word of God heavens existed long ago, and an earth formed out of water and by means of water, through which the world that then existed was deluged with water and perished. But by the same word the heavens and earth that now exist have been stored up for fire, being kept until the day of judgment and destruction of ungodly men.
>
>But do not ignore this one fact, beloved, that with the Lord one day is as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day. The Lord is not slow about his promise as some count slowness, but is forbearing toward you, not wishing that any should perish, but that all should reach repentance. But the day of the Lord will come like a thief, and then the heavens will pass away with a loud noise, and the elements will be dissolved with fire, and the earth and the works that are upon it will be burned up.
>
>Since all these things are thus to be dissolved, what sort of persons ought you to be in lives of holiness and godliness, waiting for and hastening the coming of the day of God, because of which the heavens will be kindled and dissolved, and the elements will melt with fire! But according to his promise we wait for new heavens and a new earth in which righteousness dwells.
>
Therefore, beloved, since you wait for these, be zealous to be found by him without spot or blemish, and at peace. And count the forbearance of our Lord as salvation. So also our beloved brother Paul wrote to you according to the wisdom given him, speaking of this as he does in all his letters. There are some things in them hard to understand, which the ignorant and unstable twist to their own destruction, as they do the other scriptures. You therefore, beloved, knowing this beforehand, beware lest you be carried away with the error of lawless men and lose your own stability. But **grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be the glory both now and to the day of eternity**. Amen.

[Archbishop Fulton Sheen - Signs of Our Times](https://gloria.tv/post/8apV1vmiq9kEBvpUHBc7hzDg7)  
>1947 (Gloria.tv) As for Jews, Protestants and Catholics alike an alliance is necessary not to fight against an external enemy, for our “wrestling is not against flesh and blood; but against principalities and powers, against the rulers of the world of this darkness, against the spirits of wickedness in the high places,” (Ephesians 6:12) but rather a unity on the basis of men of good will, who believe in the moral law, the family, God and the Divinity of Christ. It is not a unity of religion we plead for that is impossible when purchased at the cost of the unity of truth, but a unity of religious peoples, wherein each marches separately according to the light of his conscience, but strikes together for the moral betterment of the world, through prayer, not hate. We may not be able to meet in the same pew - would to God we did - but we can meet on our knees. You may be sure that no sordid compromises nor carrying of waters on both shoulders will see you through.  

[New from Archbishop Viganò: The Great Reset from start to finish](https://www.lifesitenews.com/opinion/new-from-archbishop-vigano-the-great-reset-from-start-to-finish)  
>May 31, 2021 (LifeSiteNews) – This first Festival of Philosophy [1] is dedicated to Msgr. Antonio Livi, of whom we all preserve a heartfelt and grateful memory, both for his witness of faith as well for his rare erudition in the theological disciplines. The learned Roman prelate is united to me in a particular way by his path of “conversion” to Tradition, which led him, a few years before me, to the assiduous celebration of the venerable Apostolic Liturgy, in perfect coherence with the doctrine in which he was extremely well-versed. Both of us found ourselves rediscovering the treasures of the Mass of our Ordination, with the consolation of also rediscovering our Priesthood in its fullness. If we wish to remember Monsignor Livi worthily today, I think that we cannot neglect the School of “Common Sense” of which he was the initiator, and that in this moment represents an opportunity to deepen our understanding of the present reality: the great upheavals of this past year, the so-called pandemic, and, more generally, the crisis in which both the world and the Church find themselves. The lack of “common sense” in individuals has in large part made possible this assault against God, against the Church, and against the human race that is represented by the Great Reset and the ideology it expresses. Irrationality, the abdication of reason, the annihilation of critical judgment and the denial of evidence are the true pandemic virus of our time, which in rebellion against God manifests a delirium of omnipotence and in collective madness reveals the just nemesis of this wicked challenge. Saint Paul exhorts us to a rational faith, rationabile obsequium (Rom 12;1), in which faith and reason, like two wings, make us ascend to the contemplation of the Truth, that is, of God Himself. Thus, the Apostle’s warning also implies a healthy distance from the thinking of the world: nolite conformari huic sæculo (Rom 12:2).  

[Two Miraculous Events – Mount Carmel and Fatima](https://www.bluearmy.com/two-miraculous-events-mount-carmel-and-fatima-and-the-rain-of-graces/)  
>(John Haffert) Have there EVER been two miraculous events in the history of the world so similar and so important as the MIRACLE OF FIRE described in the Book of Kings and the MIRACLE OF THE SUN, which took place at Fatima on October 13, 1917?  
>
>We are still so close to the miracle of Fatima that we may not yet adequately appreciate it in the perspective of the great promise: “An era of peace will be granted to mankind.” But we are sufficiently removed in history to appreciate the similar miracle described in the Book of Kings, which marked a high point in the history of the people of God. They had been on the verge of annihilation (this time not from a flood, but from a prolonged drought sent by God as a punishment for their idolatry). By the miracle of Mount Carmel they were converted and saved.  
