Novena To Blessed Teresa of Calcutta  --- Friday, August 22, 2014  9:02 AM    O F F I C I A L   N O V E N A   T O  B L E S S E D   T E R E S A   O F   C A L C U T T A    Prayer to Blessed Teresa of Calcutta  ---Prayed each day of the Novena    Blessed Teresa of Calcutta,  you allowed the thirsting love of Jesus on the Cross to become a living flame within you,  and so became the light of His love to all.  Obtain from the Heart of Jesus (here make your request).  Teach me to allow Jesus to penetrate and possess my whole being so completely that my life, too,  may radiate His light and love to others.  Amen.    Immaculate Heart of Mary, Cause of Our Joy, pray for me.    Blessed Teresa of Calcutta, pray for me.    “Jesus is my All in All”     © 2004 Missionaries of Charity     First Day – Know the Living Jesus  ---Thought for the day:  “Don’t search for Jesus in far lands; He is not there. He is close to you; He is in you.”  Ask for the grace of an intimate knowledge of Jesus.  Recite the prayer to Blessed Teresa    Second Day –Jesus Loves You  ---Thought for the day:  “Do not be afraid - you are precious to Jesus. He loves you.”  Ask for the grace to be convinced of Jesus’ unconditional and personal love for you.  Recite the prayer to Blessed Teresa    Third Day – Hear Him Say to You: “I Thirst”  ---Thought for the day:  “Just think! God is thirsting for you and me to come forward to satiate His thirst.”  Ask for the grace to understand Jesus’ cry of thirst.  Recite the prayer to Blessed Teresa    Fourth Day – Our Lady Will Help You  ---Thought for the day:  “How close we must keep to Our Lady who understood what depth of Divine Love was being revealed as she stood at the foot of the Cross and heard Jesus cry out: ‘I thirst.’ ”  Ask for the grace to learn from Our Lady to quench Jesus’ thirst as she did.  Recite the prayer to Blessed Teresa    Fifth Day – Trust Jesus Blindly    ---Thought for the day:    “Confidence in God can do all things. It is our emptiness and lowliness that God needs and not our plenitude.”  Ask for the grace to have an unshakeable trust in God’s power and love for you and for all.  Recite the prayer to Blessed Teresa    Sixth Day – True Love is Surrender    ---Thought for the day:    “Allow God to use you without consulting you.”  Ask for the grace to surrender your whole life to God.  Recite the prayer to Blessed Teresa    Seventh Day – God Loves a Cheerful Giver  ---Thought for the day:  “Joy is the sign of union with God, of God’s presence. Joy is love, the normal result of a heart burning with love.”  Ask for the grace to find joy in loving and to share this joy with all you meet.  Recite the prayer to Blessed Teresa    Eighth Day – Jesus Made Himself the Bread of Life and the Hungry One  ---Thought for the day:  “Believe that He, Jesus, is in the appearance of Bread and that He, Jesus, is in the hungry, naked, sick, lonely, unloved, homeless, helpless and hopeless.”   Ask for the grace of a deep faith to see Jesus in the Bread of Life and to serve Him in the distressing disguise of the poor.   Recite the prayer to Blessed Teresa    Ninth Day – Holiness is Jesus Living and Acting in Me  ---Thought for the day:  “Charity for each other is the surest way to great holiness.”  Ask for the grace to become a saint.  Recite the prayer to Blessed Teresa    © 2004 Missionaries of Charity.  Postulation of Mother Teresa